V5 Release note - Productivity part (#879)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/productivity/5-Interface-revamps-for-better-productivity.md

# Interface improvements for better productivity

> The attribute options screen for single and multiple-select attributes has been completely redesigned to give you a better user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The attribute option screen for single and multi-select attributes has been completely redesigned to give you a better user experience.
```

# Interface improvements for better productivity

The attribute options screen for single and multiple-select attributes has been completely redesigned to give you a better user experience.

Navigate more easily between your option codes and their translations, and manage your attribute options more efficiently!

![New option screen](../img/new-option-screen.png)

The management page was also revamped to increase its usability.

![The revamped locales grid](../img/activated-locales-grid.png)

To finish, we also redesigned the login page, our flash messages, and the quick export screen, as you can see below.

![New quick export UI](../img/Quick-export-new-UI_Export-with-labels.png)

To help you save time, the custom choices you make for your XLSX or CSV quick export are saved. So next time you click on `Quick export`, the last export configuration will be displayed. :rocket:

> 
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
